docs: add doc for html (#7373)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/tech/html.mdx

# HTML

> Use the following plugins to simplify the creation of HTML files and automatically inject the generated CSS and JavaScript files into the HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rspack supports generating HTML files using the following plugins, and automatically injecting the generated CSS and JavaScript files into the HTML.
```

> This is especially useful for `Rspack` bundles that include a hash in the filename which changes every compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful for Rspack bundles that contain filename hashes, as the hashes can change with each Rspack build.
```

## HtmlWebpackPlugin

Rspack fully supports [HtmlWebpackPlugin](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin).

```js title="rspack.config.js"
const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');
const path = require('path');

module.exports = {
  entry: 'index.js',
  output: {
    path: path.resolve(__dirname, './dist'),
    filename: 'index_bundle.js',
  },
  plugins: [new HtmlWebpackPlugin()],
};
```

For all configuration options, see the [plugin documentation](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin#options).

> ## HtmlRspackPlugin

Reviewer: Add `Built-in` to distinguish with the [JS version of HtmlRspackPlugin](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/html-rspack-plugin)

```suggestion
## Built-in HtmlRspackPlugin
```

Reviewer: I think we can introduce `HtmlRspackPlugin` before `HtmlWebpackPlugin` because it is recommended.
